Update docs to correspond to refactored containers (#72)
sharetribe/dev-docs: content/tutorial/customize-pricing/index.mdx

### Fetch speculated transaction complete with helmet rental fee

When a user clicks "Request to book", the listing page sends the booking

> details as initial values to the CheckoutPage, which then fetches the

Reviewer: really minor but maybe

```suggestion
details as initial values to the checkout page, which then fetches the
```
or
```suggestion
details as initial values to CheckoutPage, which then fetches the
```

just because we previously use 'the listing page'
